Super-Resolution Convolutional Neural Network (SRCNN)
Project Overview
This project implements a Super-Resolution Convolutional Neural Network (SRCNN) using PyTorch. SRCNN is a deep learning model designed to improve the resolution of images. This implementation demonstrates the model's ability to upscale low-resolution images while maintaining high levels of detail.

Contents
srcnn.py: Main Python script implementing the SRCNN model.
model/: Directory containing the pre-trained model weights (model.pth).
image/: Directory containing test images.
LR_image.png, SR_image.png, HR_image.png: Output images generated by the script.
Requirements
Python 3.x
PyTorch
NumPy
SciPy
imageio
Matplotlib
scikit-image
Installation
Before running the script, ensure you have the required libraries installed. You can install them using pip:


pip install torch numpy scipy imageio matplotlib scikit-image
Usage
To run the SRCNN model on a test image and generate super-resolved output:

Place your low-resolution test image in the image/ directory.

Run the script srcnn.py:


python srcnn.py
The script will output three images:

Low Resolution (LR_image.png)
Super-Resolved (SR_image.png)
High Resolution (HR_image.png)
It will also print the PSNR (Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio) values comparing the super-resolved image with the high-resolution baseline.

Model Architecture
The SRCNN model in this project consists of three convolutional layers:

Conv1: 64 filters of size 9x9
Conv2: 32 filters of size 1x1
Conv3: 1 filter of size 5x5
ReLU activation functions are used after the first two convolutional layers.

Contributions
Contributions to this project are welcome. Feel free to fork this repository and submit pull requests.
